Name: Sinai Park(sp46)
CS 262_Lab01
9 / 4 / 2020

Exercise 1.1

1. StuBet (not stupid)
An application where students are online, studying, or at least trying(all age, from elementary to adult).
The list of friends also have signals whether they are online or offline.
If they are online, they are looking for students to study together: there are options like (dare you not talk, easy-going sessions, need help(tutor), willing to review(ask questions, quiz each other)), depending on each student's priority and preference.
They have choices to block all apps, track whether students picked up the phone or not, or whether one talked above a certain decibel or not, and the group of people or two people in one study session can bet on something.
There's also a community post for students/users to share thoughts, hardships, and advice/tips in the world of remote studying.



2. TWalkers(Talking and Walking)
Due to COVID, people are experiencing what is called the corona blue.
Staying home, which can be a usual precious moment to heal,
relax and take a moment to breathe, has now become words like
“quarantine,” “no freedom,” and “depression”. SNS is being used to its peak, but
We are getting less and less social interactions. But, people are relational beings.
We like to chit chat, have a conversation, share empathy outside of the internet.
To improve this, I want to create an app that allows people to safely take walks outside with a partner of their choice, who lives locally.



3. Calvin Marketplace App (trading, selling, buying clothes, within mile radius of Calvin)
Basically a craiglist for Calvin users, and possibly more users.



4. Stress to Strength.
Stress can be horrid. Stress can make a heart pound.
But stress is also found to create joy and courage, only if we change the way we
think about stress. We need to consider it a motivation to become a better person,
to challenge ourselves. To respond more healthier to stress,
we need to first treat it by looking at its good parts and strengths.
There has been research that caring for people, friends, community drastically decreases the death rate.
It’s definitely become harder and harder to engage with one another, but I think that
Tracking the different kinds of stress and looking it in a different way will create a community full of resilience as we care for ourselves and others.



***needs to be simple and useable, code needs to be readable and improvable


React native sql

Other ideas:

MyDear:Call myself(voicemail)
Online study tool
IdeaBank
